README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia"><img src="app/src/main/ic_launcher-web.png" width="150"/></a></p>
<h2 align="center"><b>LibreTrivia</b></h2>
<h4 align="center">An Open Source Trivia Game for Android</h4>
<p align="center"><a href="https://f-droid.org/app/io.github.trytonvanmeer.libretrivia/"><img src="https://f-droid.org/wiki/images/0/06/F-Droid-button_get-it-on.png"/></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia" alt="GitHub release"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia.svg" /></a>
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0" alt="License: GPL v3"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-red.svg" /></a>
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia" alt="Build Status"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia.svg" /></a>
</p>

## Screenshots

[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png)
[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png)
[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png)
[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png)
[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5.png)

# Contribution
If you are a developer and wish to contribute to the app, please fork the project and submit a pull request.

## License

LibreTrivia is Free Software: You can use, study share and improve it at your
will. Specifically you can redistribute and/or modify it under the terms of the
[GNU General Public License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Commit message:

Updated README with description and link to opentdb

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia"><img src="app/src/main/ic_launcher-web.png" width="150"/></a></p>
<h2 align="center"><b>LibreTrivia</b></h2>
<h4 align="center">An Open Source Trivia Game for Android</h4>
<p align="center"><a href="https://f-droid.org/app/io.github.trytonvanmeer.libretrivia/"><img src="https://f-droid.org/wiki/images/0/06/F-Droid-button_get-it-on.png"/></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia" alt="GitHub release"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia.svg" /></a>
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0" alt="License: GPL v3"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-red.svg" /></a>
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia" alt="Build Status"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/tryton-vanmeer/LibreTrivia.svg" /></a>
</p>

## Screenshots

[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png)
[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png)
[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png)
[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png)
[<img src="fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5.png" width=160>](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5.png)

## Description

A simple Trivia game for Android that uses the [Open Trivia Database](https://opentdb.com/).

# Contribution

If you are a developer and wish to contribute to the app, please fork the project and submit a pull request.

## License

LibreTrivia is Free Software: You can use, study share and improve it at your
will. Specifically you can redistribute and/or modify it under the terms of the
[GNU General Public License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
